1)Slow Cooker Beef Stew
Ingredients:
2 lbs beef stew meat
1 onion, chopped
4 garlic cloves, minced
4 cups beef broth
2 cups chopped potatoes
2 cups chopped carrots
1 cup chopped celery
2 tbsp tomato paste
2 tsp dried thyme
1 tsp paprika
1 bay leaf
salt and pepper

Instructions:
In a slow cooker, combine the beef, onion, garlic, beef broth, potatoes, carrots, celery, tomato paste, thyme, paprika, bay leaf, salt, and pepper. Cook on low for 8 hours or high for 4 hours. Remove bay leaf before serving.

2)Beef and Broccoli Stir-Fry
Ingredients:
1 lb sirloin steak, sliced thinly
1/2 cup soy sauce
2 tbsp brown sugar
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 tsp ginger, grated
1/2 tsp red pepper flakes
1 tbsp vegetable oil
2 cups broccoli florets
1 red bell pepper, sliced
1/2 onion, sliced

Instructions:
In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, ginger, and red pepper flakes. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet or wok over high heat. Add the beef and cook for 2-3 minutes until browned. Remove beef and set aside. In the same skillet, stir-fry the broccoli, red bell pepper, and onion until tender-crisp. Add the beef back to the skillet, pour the sauce over the top, and stir to coat. Cook until the sauce thickens, about 2-3 minutes.

3)Beef and Cheese Enchiladas
Ingredients:
1 lb ground beef
1 onion, chopped
2 garlic cloves, minced
1 can diced tomatoes
1 can tomato sauce
1 tbsp chili powder
1 tsp ground cumin
1 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp salt
8-10 corn tortillas
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro

Instructions:
Preheat oven to 350°F. In a large skillet, cook the ground beef, onion, and garlic until browned. Drain off any excess fat. Add the diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, chili powder, cumin, oregano, and salt. Simmer for 10 minutes. Spoon some of the beef mixture down the center of each tortilla and sprinkle with shredded cheddar cheese. Roll up the tortillas and place them seam side down in a baking dish. Pour the remaining beef mixture over the tortillas and sprinkle with more shredded cheddar cheese. Bake for 15-20 minutes, until cheese is melted and bubbly. Garnish with chopped cilantro.
